Refactor docs for ESM (#9624)
Leaflet/Leaflet: docs/examples/accessibility/example.md

title: Accessible markers
---

<script type="module">
	import L, {Map, TileLayer, Marker, Icon} from 'leaflet';

	const map = new Map('map').setView([50.4501, 30.5234], 4);

	const tiles = new TileLayer('https://tile.openstreetmap.org/{z}/{x}/{y}.png', {
		maxZoom: 19,
		attribution: '&copy; <a href="http://www.openstreetmap.org/copyright">OpenStreetMap</a>'
	}).addTo(map);

	const marker = new Marker([50.4501, 30.5234], {alt: 'Kyiv'}).addTo(map)
		.bindPopup('Kyiv, Ukraine is the birthplace of Leaflet!');

> 	window.L = L; // only for debugging in the developer console
> 	window.map = map; // only for debugging in the developer console

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	globalThisL = L; // only for debugging in the developer console
	globalThis.map = map; // only for debugging in the developer console
```
